NEWS: Add Personium Trails Releae (#64)
personium/new-docs: website/blog/2020-06-15-Personium-Trails.md

---
title: Release of Personium Trails
author: Yasufumi Tochiori
---

> We have released a demo app called "Personium Trails" that captures the movement history data on Google into Personium and exposes part of the data to others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have released a demo app called "Personium Trails" that allow user to import location history data on Google into Personium and share selected data to others.
```

Reviewer: Akio, please check my wording. Thanks.
